feat(linux): AM64X: Add remote proc performance numbers for 11.1 release (#393)
TexasInstruments/processor-sdk-doc: source/devices/AM64X/linux/RT_Linux_Performance_Guide.rst

|

RP Message Inter-Processor Communication (IPC) Latency
------------------------------------------------------

RP Message latency Performance
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> RP Message latency is measured through a round trip echo message sent from Linux application
> to remote processor and receiving back the message. The round trip delay is measured for
> RP message length of 1 byte and 490 bytes for comparison.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RP Message latency is the delay measured from sending a round trip echo message
from a Linux application to a remote processor and back. The following
measurements use an RP message length of 1 byte and 490 bytes for comparison.
```

Linux userspace application `rpmsg_char_benchmark <https://git.ti.com/cgit/rpmsg/ti-rpmsg-char/>`__ is used to capture latency values.

Test commands used for running IPC latency tests:

.. code:: console

   rpmsg_char_benchmark -r 2 -n 100000 -m 1 & chrt -f -p 80 $!

> The latencies observed are summarized below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Latencies reported:
```
